=== ragtruth_train ===
path: ragtruth_processed\train
fields:
[
  "id",
  "query",
  "context",
  "output",
  "task_type",
  "quality",
  "model",
  "temperature",
  "hallucination_labels",
  "hallucination_labels_processed",
  "input_str"
]
sample:
{'id': '0',
 'query': 'Summarize the following news within 116 words:',
 'context': 'Seventy years ago, Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15. Just two weeks after her supposed '
            'death on March 31, 1945, the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp where she had been imprisoned was liberated -- timing that '
            'showed how close the Jewish diarist had been to surviving the Holocaust. But new research released by the Anne Frank House '
            'shows that Anne and her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought. Researchers '
            're-examined archives of the Red Cross, the International Training Service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial, along with '
            'testimonies of survivors. They concluded that Anne and Margot probably did not survive to March 1945 -- contradicting the '
            'date of death which had previously been determined by Dutch authorities. In 1944, Anne and seven others hiding in the '
            "Amsterdam secret annex were arrested and sent to the  Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. Anne Frank's final entry. That "
            'same year, Anne and Margot were separated from their mother and sent away to work as slave labor at the Bergen-Belsen camp in '
            'Germany. Days at the camp were filled with terror and dread, witnesses said. The sisters stayed in a section of the '
            'overcrowded camp with no lighting, little water and no latrine. They slept on lice-ridden straw and violent storms shredded '
            'the tents, according to the researchers. Like the other prisoners, the sisters endured long hours at roll call. Her '
            'classmate, Nannette Blitz, recalled seeing Anne there in December 1944: "She was no more than a skeleton by then. She was '
            'wrapped in a blanket; she couldn\'t bear to wear her clothes anymore because they were crawling with lice." Listen to Anne '
            "Frank's friends describe her concentration camp experience. As the Russians advanced further, the Bergen-Belsen concentration "
            'camp became even more crowded, bringing more disease. A deadly typhus outbreak caused thousands to die each day. Typhus is an '
            'infectious disease caused by lice that breaks out in places with poor hygiene. The disease causes high fever, chills and skin '
            'eruptions. "Because of the lice infesting the bedstraw and her clothes, Anne was exposed to the main carrier of epidemic '
            'typhus for an extended period," museum researchers wrote. They concluded that it\'s unlikely the sisters survived until '
            'March, because witnesses at the camp said the sisters both had symptoms before February 7. "Most deaths caused by typhus '
            'occur around twelve days after the first symptoms appear," wrote  authors Erika Prins and Gertjan Broek. The exact dates of '
            'death for Anne and Margot remain unclear. Margot died before Anne. "Anne never gave up hope," said Blitz, her friend. "She '
            'was absolutely convinced she would survive." Her diary endures as one of the world\'s most popular books. Read more about '
            "Anne Frank's cousin, a keeper of her legacy.\n"
            '\n'
            'output:',
 'output': 'The Anne Frank House has revealed that Anne Frank and her older sister, Margot, likely died at least a month earlier than '
           'previously believed. The sisters, who were imprisoned in Nazi concentration camps during the Holocaust, were thought to have '
           'died in March 1945, just two weeks before the Bergen-Belsen camp was liberated. However, new research examining archives from '
           'the Red Cross, the International Tracing Service, the Bergen-Belsen Memorial, and survivor testimonies suggests that the '
           'sisters did not survive until March. The exact dates of their deaths remain unclear, but it is thought that both had symptoms '
           'of typhus, the disease they succumbed to, before February 7, 1945.',
 'task_type': 'Summary',
 'quality': 'good',
 'model': 'gpt-4-0613',
 'temperature': 0.699999988079071,
 'hallucination_labels': '[]',
 'hallucination_labels_processed': {'evident_conflict': 0, 'baseless_info': 0},
 'input_str': 'Below is the original news:\n'
              "{'question': 'Summarize the following news within 116 words:', 'passages': 'Seventy years ago, Anne Frank died of typhus in "
              'a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15. Just two weeks after her supposed death on March 31, 1945, the Bergen-Belsen '
              'concentration camp where she had been imprisoned was liberated -- timing that showed how close the Jewish diarist had been '
              'to surviving the Holocaust. But new research released by the Anne Frank House shows that Anne and her older sister, Margot '
              'Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought. Researchers re-examined archives of the Red Cross, the '
              'International Training Service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial, along with testimonies of survivors. They concluded that '
              'Anne and Margot probably did not survive to March 1945 -- contradicting the date of death which had previously been '
              'determined by Dutch authorities. In 1944, Anne and seven others hiding in the Amsterdam secret annex were arrested and sent '
              "to the  Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. Anne Frank\\'s final entry. That same year, Anne and Margot were separated "
              'from their mother and sent away to work as slave labor at the Bergen-Belsen camp in Germany. Days at the camp were filled '
              'with terror and dread, witnesses said. The sisters stayed in a section of the overcrowded camp with no lighting, little '
              'water and no latrine. They slept on lice-ridden straw and violent storms shredded the tents, according to the researchers. '
              'Like the other prisoners, the sisters endured long hours at roll call. Her classmate, Nannette Blitz, recalled seeing Anne '
              'there in December 1944: "She was no more than a skeleton by then. She was wrapped in a blanket; she couldn\\\'t bear to '
              'wear her clothes anymore because they were crawling with lice." Listen to Anne Frank\\\'s friends describe her '
              'concentration camp experience. As the Russians advanced further, the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp became even more '
              'crowded, bringing more disease. A deadly typhus outbreak caused thousands to die each day. Typhus is an infectious disease '
              'caused by lice that breaks out in places with poor hygiene. The disease causes high fever, chills and skin eruptions. '
              '"Because of the lice infesting the bedstraw and her clothes, Anne was exposed to the main carrier of epidemic typhus for an '
              'extended period," museum researchers wrote. They concluded that it\\\'s unlikely the sisters survived until March, because '
              'witnesses at the camp said the sisters both had symptoms before February 7. "Most deaths caused by typhus occur around '
              'twelve days after the first symptoms appear," wrote  authors Erika Prins and Gertjan Broek. The exact dates of death for '
              'Anne and Margot remain unclear. Margot died before Anne. "Anne never gave up hope," said Blitz, her friend. "She was '
              'absolutely convinced she would survive." Her diary endures as one of the world\\\'s most popular books. Read more about '
              "Anne Frank\\'s cousin, a keeper of her legacy.\\n\\noutput:'}\n"
              'Below is a summary of the news:\n'
              'The Anne Frank House has revealed that Anne Frank and her older sister, Margot, likely died at least a month earlier than '
              'previously believed. The sisters, who were imprisoned in Nazi concentration camps during the Holocaust, were thought to '
              'have died in March 1945, just two weeks before the Bergen-Belsen camp was liberated. However, new research examining '
              'archives from the Red Cross, the International Tracing Service, the Bergen-Belsen Memorial, and survivor testimonies '
              'suggests that the sisters did not survive until March. The exact dates of their deaths remain unclear, but it is thought '
              'that both had symptoms of typhus, the disease they succumbed to, before February 7, 1945.\n'
              'Your task is to identify and label any hallucinated statements in the summary that are unsupported or contradicted by the '
              'original news. Then, compile the labeled hallucinated spans into a JSON list, with each list item representing a separate '
              'hallucinated span.\n'
              'Output:'}

=== ragtruth_test ===
path: ragtruth_processed\test
fields:
[
  "id",
  "query",
  "context",
  "output",
  "task_type",
  "quality",
  "model",
  "temperature",
  "hallucination_labels",
  "hallucination_labels_processed",
  "input_str"
]
sample:
{'id': '24',
 'query': 'Summarize the following news within 86 words:',
 'context': "The FBI charged a Philadelphia woman on Thursday with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. She's one of three women "
            'arrested this week on terror charges. Two New York women were also taken into custody. An FBI complaint cites numerous social '
            'media messages dating back to August 2013 that were sent by Keonna Thomas, 30, also known as "Young Lioness" and "Fatayat Al '
            'Khilafah." One Twitter message said, "If we truly knew the realities ... we all would be rushing to join our brothers in the '
            'front lines pray ALLAH accept us as shuhada [martyrs]." Another said, "When you\'re a mujahid [violent jihadi fighter] your '
            'death becomes a wedding." The FBI said Thomas purchased an electronic visa to Turkey on March 23. Turkey is known as the '
            'easiest place from which to enter Syria and join ISIS. An ISIS manual advises recruits to buy round-trip tickets to vacation '
            'spots such as Spain and then purchase tickets for their real destination once they arrive overseas, the FBI said. On March '
            '26, Thomas purchased a ticket to Barcelona, with a March 29 departure and an April 15 return to the United States, the '
            "complaint said. It's not clear when or where she was arrested. She was charged with knowingly attempting to provide material "
            'support and resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization. She could be sentenced to 15 years in prison. On '
            'Thursday, Noelle Velentzas, 28, and her former roommate, Asia Siddiqui, 31, were arrested in New York and accused of planning '
            'to build an explosive device for attacks in the United States, federal prosecutors said. In the past 18 months, the Justice '
            "Department's National Security Division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel "
            'abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups. Of those cases, 18 allegedly involve support to ISIS. "The terrorist '
            'threat is more decentralized, more diffuse, more complicated," Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told reporters '
            'Thursday. "It involves the potential lone wolf actor, it involves the effective use of social media, the Internet."\n'
            '\n'
            'output:',
 'output': 'The FBI has charged a Philadelphia woman, Keonna Thomas, with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. This follows the '
           'arrests of two New York women, Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui, who were accused of planning to build an explosive device '
           'for attacks in the United States. Thomas purchased an electronic visa to Turkey and a round-trip ticket to Barcelona, '
           'following the advice given in an ISIS manual for recruits. She has been charged with attempting to provide material support to '
           'a terrorist organisation and could face 15 years in prison.',
 'task_type': 'Summary',
 'quality': 'good',
 'model': 'gpt-4-0613',
 'temperature': 0.699999988079071,
 'hallucination_labels': '[]',
 'hallucination_labels_processed': {'evident_conflict': 0, 'baseless_info': 0},
 'input_str': 'Below is the original news:\n'
              "{'question': 'Summarize the following news within 86 words:', 'passages': 'The FBI charged a Philadelphia woman on Thursday "
              "with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. She\\'s one of three women arrested this week on terror charges. Two New "
              'York women were also taken into custody. An FBI complaint cites numerous social media messages dating back to August 2013 '
              'that were sent by Keonna Thomas, 30, also known as "Young Lioness" and "Fatayat Al Khilafah." One Twitter message said, "If '
              'we truly knew the realities ... we all would be rushing to join our brothers in the front lines pray ALLAH accept us as '
              'shuhada [martyrs]." Another said, "When you\\\'re a mujahid [violent jihadi fighter] your death becomes a wedding." The FBI '
              'said Thomas purchased an electronic visa to Turkey on March 23. Turkey is known as the easiest place from which to enter '
              'Syria and join ISIS. An ISIS manual advises recruits to buy round-trip tickets to vacation spots such as Spain and then '
              'purchase tickets for their real destination once they arrive overseas, the FBI said. On March 26, Thomas purchased a ticket '
              "to Barcelona, with a March 29 departure and an April 15 return to the United States, the complaint said. It\\'s not clear "
              'when or where she was arrested. She was charged with knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to a '
              'designated foreign terrorist organization. She could be sentenced to 15 years in prison. On Thursday, Noelle Velentzas, 28, '
              'and her former roommate, Asia Siddiqui, 31, were arrested in New York and accused of planning to build an explosive device '
              "for attacks in the United States, federal prosecutors said. In the past 18 months, the Justice Department\\'s National "
              'Security Division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or '
              'provide support to terrorist groups. Of those cases, 18 allegedly involve support to ISIS. "The terrorist threat is more '
              'decentralized, more diffuse, more complicated," Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told reporters Thursday. "It '
              'involves the potential lone wolf actor, it involves the effective use of social media, the Internet."\\n\\noutput:\'}\n'
              'Below is a summary of the news:\n'
              'The FBI has charged a Philadelphia woman, Keonna Thomas, with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. This follows the '
              'arrests of two New York women, Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui, who were accused of planning to build an explosive '
              'device for attacks in the United States. Thomas purchased an electronic visa to Turkey and a round-trip ticket to '
              'Barcelona, following the advice given in an ISIS manual for recruits. She has been charged with attempting to provide '
              'material support to a terrorist organisation and could face 15 years in prison.\n'
              'Your task is to identify and label any hallucinated statements in the summary that are unsupported or contradicted by the '
              'original news. Then, compile the labeled hallucinated spans into a JSON list, with each list item representing a separate '
              'hallucinated span.\n'
              'Output:'}

=== halueval_train ===
path: halueval_spans\train
fields:
[
  "prompt",
  "answer",
  "labels",
  "split",
  "task_type",
  "dataset",
  "language"
]
sample:
{'prompt': 'Summarize the following text within 150 words:\n'
           'Marseille, France (CNN)The French prosecutor leading an investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 insisted '
           'Wednesday that he was not aware of any video footage from on board the plane. Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin told CNN that '
           '"so far no videos were used in the crash investigation." He added, "A person who has such a video needs to immediately give it '
           'to the investigators." Robin\'s comments follow claims by two magazines, German daily Bild and French Paris Match, of a cell '
           'phone video showing the harrowing final seconds from on board Germanwings Flight 9525 as it crashed into the French Alps. All '
           '150 on board were killed. Paris Match and Bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone at the wreckage site. The '
           'two publications described the supposed video, but did not post it on their websites. The publications said that they watched '
           'the video, which was found by a source close to the investigation. "One can hear cries of \'My God\' in several languages," '
           'Paris Match reported. "Metallic banging can also be heard more than three times, perhaps of the pilot trying to open the '
           'cockpit door with a heavy object.  Towards the end, after a heavy shake, stronger than the others, the screaming intensifies. '
           'Then nothing." "It is a very disturbing scene," said Julian Reichelt, editor-in-chief of Bild online. An official with '
           "France's accident investigation agency, the BEA, said the agency is not aware of any such video. Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini, "
           'a French Gendarmerie spokesman in charge of communications on rescue efforts around the Germanwings crash site, told CNN that '
           'the reports were "completely wrong" and "unwarranted." Cell phones have been collected at the site, he said, but that they '
           '"hadn\'t been exploited yet." Menichini said he believed the cell phones would need to be sent to the Criminal Research '
           'Institute in Rosny sous-Bois, near Paris, in order to be analyzed by specialized technicians working hand-in-hand with '
           'investigators. But none of the cell phones found so far have been sent to the institute, Menichini said. Asked whether staff '
           'involved in the search could have leaked a memory card to the media, Menichini answered with a categorical "no." Reichelt told '
           '"Erin Burnett: Outfront" that he had watched the video and stood by the report, saying Bild and Paris Match are "very '
           'confident" that the clip is real. He noted that investigators only revealed they\'d recovered cell phones from the crash site '
           'after Bild and Paris Match published their reports. "That is something we did not know before. ... Overall we can say many '
           'things of the investigation weren\'t revealed by the investigation at the beginning," he said. What was mental state of '
           'Germanwings co-pilot? German airline Lufthansa confirmed Tuesday that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had battled depression years '
           "before he took the controls of Germanwings Flight 9525, which he's accused of deliberately crashing last week in the French "
           'Alps. Lubitz told his Lufthansa flight training school in 2009 that he had a "previous episode of severe depression," the '
           'airline said Tuesday. Email correspondence between Lubitz and the school discovered in an internal investigation, Lufthansa '
           'said, included medical documents he submitted in connection with resuming his flight training. The announcement indicates that '
           "Lufthansa, the parent company of Germanwings, knew of Lubitz's battle with depression, allowed him to continue training and "
           'ultimately put him in the cockpit. Lufthansa, whose CEO Carsten Spohr previously said Lubitz was 100% fit to fly, described '
           'its statement Tuesday as a "swift and seamless clarification" and said it was sharing the information and documents -- '
           'including training and medical records -- with public prosecutors. Spohr traveled to the crash site Wednesday, where recovery '
           'teams have been working for the past week to recover human remains and plane debris scattered across a steep mountainside. He '
           'saw the crisis center set up in Seyne-les-Alpes, laid a wreath in the village of Le Vernet, closer to the crash site, where '
           'grieving families have left flowers at a simple stone memorial. Menichini told CNN late Tuesday that no visible human remains '
           'were left at the site but recovery teams would keep searching. French President Francois Hollande, speaking Tuesday, said that '
           'it should be possible to identify all the victims using DNA analysis by the end of the week, sooner than authorities had '
           "previously suggested. In the meantime, the recovery of the victims' personal belongings will start Wednesday, Menichini said. "
           'Among those personal belongings could be more cell phones belonging to the 144 passengers and six crew on board. Check out the '
           "latest from our correspondents. The details about Lubitz's correspondence with the flight school during his training were "
           "among several developments as investigators continued to delve into what caused the crash and Lubitz's possible motive for "
           'downing the jet. A Lufthansa spokesperson told CNN on Tuesday that Lubitz had a valid medical certificate, had passed all his '
           'examinations and "held all the licenses required." Earlier, a spokesman for the prosecutor\'s office in Dusseldorf, Christoph '
           'Kumpa, said medical records reveal Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career and '
           "underwent psychotherapy before he got his pilot's license. Kumpa emphasized there's no evidence suggesting Lubitz was suicidal "
           'or acting aggressively before the crash. Investigators are looking into whether Lubitz feared his medical condition would '
           "cause him to lose his pilot's license, a European government official briefed on the investigation told CNN on Tuesday. While "
           'flying was "a big part of his life," the source said, it\'s only one theory being considered. Another source, a law '
           'enforcement official briefed on the investigation, also told CNN that authorities believe the primary motive for Lubitz to '
           "bring down the plane was that he feared he would not be allowed to fly because of his medical problems. Lubitz's girlfriend "
           'told investigators he had seen an eye doctor and a neuropsychologist, both of whom deemed him unfit to work recently and '
           'concluded he had psychological issues, the European government official said. But no matter what details emerge about his '
           'previous mental health struggles, there\'s more to the story, said Brian Russell, a forensic psychologist. "Psychology can '
           "explain why somebody would turn rage inward on themselves about the fact that maybe they weren't going to keep doing their job "
           'and they\'re upset about that and so they\'re suicidal," he said. "But there is no mental illness that explains why somebody '
           "then feels entitled to also take that rage and turn it outward on 149 other people who had nothing to do with the person's "
           'problems." Germanwings crash compensation: What we know. Who was the captain of Germanwings Flight 9525? CNN\'s Margot Haddad '
           "reported from Marseille and Pamela Brown from Dusseldorf, while Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London. CNN's Frederik Pleitgen, "
           'Pamela Boykoff, Antonia Mortensen, Sandrine Amiel and Anna-Maja Rappard contributed to this report.\n'
           '\n'
           'output:',
 'answer': 'A video showing the final moments of Germanwings Flight 9525 has been recovered by investigators from the wreckage site. '
           'Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin urged anyone who might have more footage to turn it over immediately. Andreas Lubitz, the '
           'co-pilot accused of deliberately crashing the plane, had a history of severe depression and suicidal tendencies.',
 'labels': [{'end': 120, 'label': 'Evident Conflict', 'start': 0}, {'end': 223, 'label': 'Subtle Baseless Info', 'start': 121}],
 'split': 'train',
 'task_type': 'Summary',
 'dataset': 'halueval_summarization',
 'language': 'en'}
